#summary Options available for Tipped

By default, Tipped creates a hover triggered tip, pulling the value from the _title_ attribute. Changing these options will alter that behaviour.


= Options =
*ajaxType*
 The type of HTTP request to make.

 _Possible values_: `POST`, `GET`<br>
 _Default_: `POST`


*cache*
 Whether or not to cache AJAX requests.  Cache is based solely on URL, not URL + data, so if you are making multiple requests to the same URL with different data, turn off cache.

 ex: `{params:{id:1},url:'mypage.php'}` and `{params:{id:2},url:'mypage.php'}` will access the same value in the cache.

 _Possible values_: `true`, `false`<br>
 _Default_: `false`


*closer*
 The HTML to display when a tip is to be manually closed (ie: when triggered by a click).
 
 All HTML in *closer* will be injected inside another element that has the close listener, so you don't need to specify the #tipped-closer element in this value.

 _Default_: `Close`


*delay*
 The milliseconds to wait between when the trigger is hovered over, and the tip appears. Ignored if *mode* is `click`.

 _Default_: `0`


*hideDelay*
 The milliseconds to wait between when the trigger is hovered out, and the tip disappears. Ignored if *mode* is `click`.

 _Default_: `0`


*marginX*
 The pixels to the right of the element that the tip should appear.  This amount will be overridden if necessary to ensure the entire tip shows on the screen.
 
 _Possible values_: Any integer.  Negative numbers will position the tip to the left of the right edge of the triggering element.<br>
 _Default_: `10`


*marginY*
 The pixels to the bottom of the element that the tip should appear.  This amount will be overridden if necessary to ensure the entire tip shows on the screen.

 _Possible values_: Any integer.  Negative numbers will position the tip above of the bottom edge of the triggering element.<br> 
 _Default_: `10`


*mode*
 The method by which the tip shows & hides.  "hover" shows and hides the tip when the trigger is hovered.  "click" shows the tip when the trigger is clicked, and requires clicking of the closer to go away

 _Possible values_: `hover`, `click`<br>
 _Default_: `hover`


*oversizeStick*
 A boolean representing whether or not to make the tooltip behave like it is 'click' mode, if the content is larger than the screen.  Too-large tooltips automatically (as of 1.4) get resized to the screen & scrollbars appear.  The *oversizeStick* option makes the tooltip show the *closer*, and not hide on mouseout.

 _Possible values_: `true`, `false`<br>
 _Default_: `true`

 
*params*
 An object representing the parameters to send along with an AJAX request as the `data` parameter.

 _Possible values_:
  » A function: The function must return an object, which will be passed as the `data` parameter to $.ajax().  This function will be passed a jQuery object representing the triggering element.<br>
  » An object: Will be passed as the `data` parameter to $.ajax()

 _Default_: An empty object, `{}`


*position*
 The method Tipped will use to determine position.
 
 _Possible values_:
  » `absolute`: The position of the tip will be determined by the posX and posY parameters, with no application of the margins and no consideration for where the triggering element is.<br>
  » `mouse`: The position of the tip will be determined by the location of the mouse when the tip is triggered. Margins will be applied.<br>
  » `element`: The position of the tip will be determined by the bottom right corner of the triggering element. Margins will be applied.

 _Default_: `element`


*posX*
 The absolute position on the x-axis the tooltip will have when displayed.  Only used if the 'position' option is "absolute"

 _Possible values_:
  » A callback: The function will be passed a jQuery object representing the triggering element and must return an integer.<br />
  » An integer
 _Default_: `0`


*posY*
 The absolute position on the y-axis the tooltip will have when displayed.  Only used if the 'position' option is "absolute"

 _Possible values_:
  » A callback: The function will be passed a jQuery object representing the triggering element and must return an integer.<br>
  » An integer
 _Default_: `0`


*source*
 The source of the value to display

 _Possible values_:
  » `title`: Value to display will be pulled from the "title" attribute of the triggering element.<br>
  » `url`: Value to display will be returned by an AJAX call.  This value must be the letters "u", "r", "l", not a web address.  The address to make the call to is defined with the *url* option.<br>
  » A function: Value to display will be returned from the this function.  The function will be passed a jQuery object representing the triggering element.<br>
  » Any other string: Will be treated as the value to display.

 _Default_: `title`


*themeroller*
 Whether to make apply themeroller classes or not

 _Possible values_: `true`, `false`<br>
 _Default: `false`


*throbber* 	
 The URL to the image to display while the AJAX request is being sent.  If blank, no throbber will be shown.

 _Default_: An empty string, ''


*url*
 The web address to make the AJAX request to. Unused if the source option is not "url".

 _Default_: An empty string, ''